README.md, before:

[![Published on webcomponents.org](https://img.shields.io/badge/webcomponents.org-published-blue.svg)](https://www.webcomponents.org/element/arsnebula/nebula-appbar-layout)

[![Build Status](https://saucelabs.com/browser-matrix/arsnebula.svg)](https://saucelabs.com/beta/builds/551af902d3674868b74f7c4402142fe6)

# \<nebula-appbar-layout\>

A web component to display an application bar layout.

* Provides header, content and/or footer slots
* Header and footer slots will fit content
* Content slot is fluid and scrollable

## Installation

```
$ bower install -S arsnebula/nebula-appbar-layout
```

## Usage

Import the element:

```
<link rel="import" href="/bower_components/nebula-appbar-layout/nebula-appbar-layout.html"> 
```

Add the element markup and provide containers for one or more of the available slots:

```html
<nebula-appbar-layout>
  <div slot="header"></div>
  <div slot="content"></div>
  <div slot="footer"></div>
</nebula-appbar-layout>
```

Add additional styles targeting each slot using the slot attribute:

```css
[slot=header] {
  background-color: darkred;
  color: white;
  padding: 8px;
}
```

*For more information on element properties and methods see the element API documentation.*

## Contributing

1. Fork it!
2. Create your feature branch: `git checkout -b my-new-feature`
3. Commit your changes: `git commit -am 'Add some feature'`
4. Push to the branch: `git push origin my-new-feature`
5. Submit a pull request :D

## Change Log

See [CHANGELOG](/CHANGELOG.md)

## License

See [LICENSE](/LICENSE.md)

Commit message:

- Upgraded to Polymer v2 ES2105 class-style element.

README.md, after:

[![Published on webcomponents.org](https://img.shields.io/badge/webcomponents.org-published-green.svg)](https://www.webcomponents.org/element/arsnebula/nebula-appbar-layout)
[![Polymer Version](https://img.shields.io/badge/polymer-v2-blue.svg)](https://www.polymer-project.org)
[![Sauce Labs Build Status](https://img.shields.io/badge/saucelabs-passing-red.svg)](https://saucelabs.com/beta/builds/3f36b0d5db55461abf3dab84671a03d7)
[![Gitter Chat](https://badges.gitter.im/org.png)](https://gitter.im/arsnebula/webcomponents)
[![Become a Patreon](https://img.shields.io/badge/patreon-support_us-orange.svg)](https://www.patreon.com/arsnebula)

# \<nebula-appbar-layout\>

A flexbox layout with header, content and footer slots.

* Provides header, content and/or footer slots
* Header and footer slots will fit content
* Content slot is fluid and scrollable

## Installation

```sh
$ bower install -S arsnebula/nebula-appbar-layout
```

## Getting Started

Import the element:

```html
<link rel="import" href="/bower_components/nebula-appbar-layout/nebula-appbar-layout.html"> 
```

Add the element markup and provide containers for one or more of the available slots:

```html
<nebula-appbar-layout>
  <div slot="header"></div>
  <div slot="content"></div>
  <div slot="footer"></div>
</nebula-appbar-layout>
```

Add additional styles targeting each slot using the slot attribute:

```css
[slot=header] {
  background-color: darkred;
  color: white;
  padding: 8px;
}
```

*For more information, see the API documentation.*

## Contributing

We welcome and appreciate feedback from the community. Here are a few ways that you can show your appreciation for this package:

* Give us a **Star on GitHub** from either [webcomponents.org](https://www.webcomponents.org/element/arsnebula/nebula-element-mixin) or directly on [GitHub](https://github.com/arsnebula/nebula-element-mixin).

* Submit a feature request, or a defect report on the [Issues List](https://www.webcomponents.org/element/arsnebula/nebula-element-mixin/issues).

* Become a [Patreon](https://www.patreon.com/arsnebula). It takes a lot of time and effort to develop, document, test and support the elements in our [Nebula Essentials](https://www.webcomponents.org/collection/arsnebula/nebula-essentials) collection. Your financial contribution will help ensure that our entire collection continues to grow and improve.

If you are a developer, and are interested in making a code contribution, consider opening an issue first to describe the change, and discuss with the core repository maintainers. Once you are ready, prepare a pull request:

1. Fork it!
2. Create your feature branch: `git checkout -b my-new-feature`
3. Commit your changes: `git commit -am 'Add some feature'`
4. Push to the branch: `git push origin my-new-feature`
5. Submit a pull request :D

## Change Log

See [CHANGELOG](/CHANGELOG.md)

## License

See [LICENSE](/LICENSE.md)
